 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML tags that are more descriptive. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It is a a mark jup language that we use to build all of the elements on a webpage. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        HTML attributes provide additional information about HTML elements. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It is the largest heading that we have and it should ideally only be used once on any webpage. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Anchor tags and image tags both require attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        (a) We first need the <!DOCTYPE html> declaration. This defines the document to be a HTML5 document.
        (b) We need the <head> element. This contains the meta information about the webpage. Whcih includes the title of the webpage and all of the links to your style sheets and javascript files. 
        (d) We need the <body> element. This will define the body of the web document and acts as a container for all things that are visible on the webpage.
    7. What is an id? 
        The id attribute specifices a unique id for an HTML element whcih we can access in JS in order to manipulate it interactively. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        Any that I want to.  
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only once. 
    10. What is a class? 
        Similar to an id but we can do it unlimited times. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any that I want to. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Unlimited. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        The alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image if the image cannot be displayed. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        Pound it DAWG. (use the hastag)
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is more descriptive where as a div can be anything. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        We use CSS to style all of our HTML elements.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Again, an id can only be used once whereas classes can be used an unlimited amount of times. The main difference of when we would differentiate is if we are needing to call the id attribute for a javascript function. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class-name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        parentelement childelement ... it applies style to all named child elements inside the named child element. It is best when we have many things that we want to style similarly. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A good example is :hover. It is a keyword that is added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: 1.5;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: 4px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: command;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div.classname{ border: 1px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm. We don't want to delete in the wrong library. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        In case we break something important, we are able to "go back in time" before I broke the code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        I think ideally we should attempt to break our whole project into the smallest practical pieces that we can. And then committ those pieces when they are finished being built. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        (a) Fork
        (b) Clone
        (c) branch
        (d) work on project in local branch
        (e) add
        (f) committ with meaningful comments
        (g) push
        (h) pull request with mentor added
        (i) discuss code.

CodePen Project 2 link
    1. https://codepen.io/sjhomem/pen/BaRKoja